Add Supechain Pause Execution (SPE) Tool (#401)
ethereum-optimism/superchain-ops: pause-automation/README.md

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e09f0a5c-5d2a-4df3-b7cd-3249d3a8b1e4

> ## Automation Pause (AP)

Reviewer: What do you think about calling this Superchain Pause or Superchain Pause Execution? This way it's clear this is different from the prior automated pause project that would pause in response to some monitoring condition

Author: Agreed, I have chosen Superchain Pause Execution (SPE) introduce in this commit: [ea22725](https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/superchain-ops/pull/401/commits/ea227256b42be829874711c4e49b1f53d86403f9)

_Automation Pause_ (AP) is a script that pause the superchain fast and simply.
This tool is used in **CLI** and have a **TUI** interface to choose which network you desired to pause in case of emergency.
Remember pausing the network will only affect the withdrawals, the L2 will still be progressing.

### Usage

```bash
git clone git@github.com:ethereum-optimism/superchain-ops.git && cd superchain-ops/pause-automation/;
just --justfile pause-automation.just pause
```

The script will ask for **1** confirmation with the "yes" or "no" option.

> Once "yes" is selected, the network will be paused and the script will return the transactionHash.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once "yes" is selected, the network will be paused and the script will return the transaction hash.
```
